Attribution and source processing logic for Attribution scope. (#1365)
WICG/attribution-reporting-api: verbose_debugging_reports.md

Additional fields: `limit`

#### `source-max-event-states-limit`

> A source is rejected due to [max event states][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A source is rejected due to the [event state limit][].
```

> Additional fields: `limit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional fields: `limit`

```

  will also contain a string-typed `limit` field.
* If the trigger was attributed to a source, then the `body` will also contain
  the following fields:

>   * `source_event_id`: The source registration's `source_event_id`.

Reviewer 2: Is this change necessary?

Author: Reverted

[trigger algorithm]: https://github.com/WICG/attribution-reporting-api/blob/main/EVENT.md#trigger-attribution-algorithm
[trigger-state cardinality limit]: https://wicg.github.io/attribution-reporting-api/#max-trigger-state-cardinality
[unattributed reporting origin limit]: https://github.com/WICG/attribution-reporting-api/blob/main/EVENT.md#reporting-origin-limits

> [verbose debugging reports]: https://github.com/WICG/attribution-reporting-api/blob/main/EVENT.md#verbose-debugging-reports

Reviewer: What is being changed here?

Author: no idea, git error?
